Elavon Credit Card Processing (Virtual Merchant) for Opencart 2.3
By: Kagonesti ľ pdressler@hotmail.com


**This is not free software ľ you are licensed to use this on up to five website domains that you personally own and run and operate.  If you are a subcontractor with multiple clients with their own websites, each client must buy their own license.  If you are running this on more than five websites, please let me know.

What this module does:  Asks user for credit card info and passes onto virtual merchant. 

In this version - UPDATED from old encryption method.  This one uses a DIFFERENT encryption method and is not compatabile with the old version.  To decrypt old card data, you'll need the old decryption file.  This encryption works on PHP 7.1 and 7.2 whereas the old encryption method did NOT.


Assumptions:

1. You are using an SSL Certificate, and not the hosted solution they also provide.  Although this module will work without an SSL certificate, you should have one!

2. This module also assumes you have CVV digits turned on in virtual merchant, and that it is a required field.  This module is set to decline on all bad CVV digits, and approve on in all cases of AVS DATA (i.e. AVS No match)

3. You are processing credit cards in your default currency (CAD$, USD$, etc) ľ it does not do currency conversions.  If a user selects a different currency, It will still process in your default currency for the normal amount.  At this time, it does not do DCC currency conversions.

4.  You have an account with Elavon, and have virtual merchant.  


Features:

1. Credit Card processing 

2. Auto Detect Errors before sending to VM, such as bad CC numbers, invalid cards, invalid expiry, wrong number of CVV digits

3. Ability to store the missing digits of your credit card and cvv as an encrypted string, only to decrypted with the transaction id found in VM.  Only the missing digits are stored, and they are encrypted.  This is an OPTION ľ and can be turned on or off.  Turning on may jeopardize PCI compliance.  See notes on decryption

4. Ability to edit the language files to specify exactly the messages you want the customer to see on errors.   You should verify the wording for your own use.

5. Test Mode ľ this turns off sending to elavon ľ all transactions are automatically approved.  If you need to change this, the actual authorize string is in the code.  Turning on Test mode does NOT send data to VM.

6. SSL Compatibility -  There is no reason this should be set to true, but I added it, as I found i needed it set to true for localhost.  This could mean a less secure transaction.

7. Credit Cards Accepted - Enter the text you'd like the user to see.  By default the following cards are accepted: Visa, Mastercard, Amex, Discover.  If you are not processing some of these cards, it may be a good idea to edit the code in catalog/payment/elavon.php lines 60-73 and comment out cards not used.  This is not neccessary, but would remove authorizations that you are unable to accept.

8. User ID, Number, and PIN - Elavon should provide you with these.  The PIN can be generated in VM.

Decrypting credit card numbers:

I have made this somewhat convoluted on purpose, as I donĺt expect this will need to be done often.  Sometimes having a card number is helpful for add-on orders, etc.
If you want this option, you will need to enable it in admin, AND install the vQmod script.  This script simply gives you a link in the payment section on the order to launch the decrypter.  If you donĺt need to decrypt card numbers, donĺt bother with the vQmod script!  =)  If you dont have vQmod, you can also just run the decypter by pointing your browser to admin/decryptcc.php

To decrypt card number youĺll need:

1. in the order notes, the encrypted string

2. in virtual merchant, the transaction id

3. in virtual merchant, the stored card numbers and expiry date.

Go to Orders ľ Payment.  Youĺll see a link for the tool.  Plug the encrypted string and transaction id into the decrypter tool, and youĺll get the missing digits of the card number and cvv.  Then combine that with the extra digits in VM and the expiry date, and youĺll have it all!

Installation:

Copy into the directories, and install the optional vQmod file if you want the decryption option.

Enjoy!


Disclaimer:

I make no warranty on this software, express or implied.  You use it at your own risk.  I am not responsible for data loss, credit card loss, improperly posted transactions, or any other issues that may arise through the use of this software.  BACKUP your site before use, and verify each transaction.



